electric of the renault group and the first
don't respond but by car but it's a motorcycle
forgotten air-conditioned cockpits and
luxurious finishes the twizy stands as
four- wheeled alternative of one
scooter is open on the sides with the
closed roof moon air conditioner o
heating
the seemingly trivial question in
reality has its own logic
flying patrician who commanded for water
but also two seats one behind the other e
it has no lateral protection of the
external elements
the crisis is driven absolutely like
a car rather than reactions that
has make it very pleasant to drive
whereas it weighs very little
we only talk about just over 300 pounds and
which has four-wheel drive
which allows it to always slide
in maximum security
the cue is good allows to follow
normally the traffic also the
departure of traffic lights in the avenues
peripheral
It is obvious that to get a minimum of
performance you have to sink a little
more see acceleration at the expense
autonomy
the brakes are very good you have to do it
a moment a habit above all
because four rather powerful discs
they have no servant assistance for which
you have to crush a little more
compared to what you get used to overcome
the brake to reach the maximum
efficiency details the belts of
front security two are one
normal other points and should be used in
compliment with another that offers a
additional anchor point e
guarantees the immobility of the body in
any case on the back seat anymore
a normal one in the passenger compartment
belt other points on gennari exist
two holes to drain any water
that should enter in case of rain
door opening protected by
plásticas allows to visualize
I had to go to the fender and then
they had no idea where the
width of the car
the dashboard from twizy is rather
simple and encloses around the place of
guide
all the equipment and all the
control buttons at the extreme
left
we have the four arrow button
to follow we have the two buttons of
drive management with the drive
neutral then lnd of the mad and the era of
reverse then of reverse gear
the two levers behind the wheel allow us to
command with the one on the left
access to switching off the headlights and the
horn and buzzer to activate a
low speed in urban centers for
make sure that pedestrians hear
approach by electric car with the
lever on the right we can instead manage the
windshield wipers defroster
windshield and on-board computer
through the steering wheel it is possible to see
dell'ics that contains all the
instrumentation gives us the percentage of
recharge at the time the
car is charging or otherwise
operating conditions
gives me cloning but is behind mine
the state of charge of the batteries e
all to those little information that
I need to better manage the
electric vehicle must be done
be careful at the time you decide
wanting to start because in reality
the glance immediately falls on
a lock hunts on the dashboard but
which serves to open the drawer
hold the lock for
starting is attached to the steering column
of the steering
the charging compartment with the cable a
spiral placed on the standard snout a
pair of adapters that allow to
connect to different types of sockets
through a normal grip
maid with a 3 kilowatt line
it goes from 0 to one hundred percent of
charge in three and a half hours